Updates docs - improves grammar (#313)
typegoose/typegoose: github-page/_guides/migrate-to-6.md

const NameModel = getModelForClass(Name);
```

Note: Typegoose Class still has all the functions, but they are marked deprecated & are just passthroughs to the new functions.

## ModelOptions

Use the following decorator now.

```ts
@modelOptions({ schemaOptions: {} })
class Name {}
```

Otherwise, the functions still override the settings made in `modelOptions`

## Hooks

> Hooks recieved (in 6.0.0-13) a change for the types to comply with the latest mongoose (5.6.8) -> no workarounds or typedefs required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks received a change (in 6.0.0-13) for the types to comply with the mongoose version 5.6.8 -> no workarounds or typedefs required
```
